# Setup Tool

The setup tool generates a boilerplate project that contains all the requirements to develop a containerized adapter for vRealize Operations Manager. The containerized adapter has to be distributed in the for of a Management Pack. To build a Management Pack use the [build tool](TODO: link to build tool documentation).

## Requirements

- [python 3.3 or higher] (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [Docker CLI 20.10.xx or higher] (https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Base Container Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server)

### Optional Requirements

- [Java Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server/artifacts/sha256:1520f9a97fa32b34ccce6d9ad03cf4853edb8ec8b54d388a97f75197488e5b8f)
- [Powershell Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server/artifacts/sha256:7290c2d23242620641cb162378e641f23d096b0d3339b466980f64217237b9b5)

## Prompts
- Project Directory
   - The _project directory_ where the boilerplate code for this project is going to reside. If the directory does not exist, it will be created. The boilerplate code includes a sample adapter.
- Display Name
   - The _Display Name_ used by vRealize Operations Manager as the name of the Management Pack generated by this project. The name should include the name of the Technology the Management Pack monitors.
- Description
   - A brief _Description_ of Management Pack and the technology it monitors. The description should include relevant versions of the monitored technology.
- Company
   - The name of the company/developer of the adapter. vRealize Operations Manager will display this information during installation of the  Management Pack generated by this project.
- EULA
   - A text file that provides guidelines for the distribution and usage of the Management Pack generated by this project. The End-User Agreement, _EULA_, should be included with all distributable Management Packs. The content of this file appears in vRealize Operations Manager during installation of this management pack.
- Management Pack Icon
   - The _icon_ for the Management Pack generated by this project. The Icon will be displayed in vRealize Operations Manager. The icon image must be 256x256 pixels in PNG format.
- Language
   - The _language_ the sample Adapter will be written on. Supported languages should be on of the following:
	- Python
	- Java
	- Powershell

## Boilerplate Project Structure
TODO add a separate README for java project structure
TODO add a separate README for python project structure
TODO add a separate README for powershell project structure

The project structure below uses python as its main language:
```
.
├── Dockerfile
├── adapter_requirements.txt
├── app
│   └── adapter.py
├── commands.cfg
├── conf
│   └── describe.xml
├── content
│   ├── dashboards
│   ├── files
│   └── reports
├── manifest.txt
└── resources
    └── resources.properties
```
### Dockerfile (file)
Contains all necessary instructions to build a container with an HTTP server, the user's executable Adapter
code, and any additional dependencies specified by the user.

### Requirements (file for python projects only)
   - adapter_requirements.txt: Contains all python dependencies needed by the adapter. This file will be used by docker during the construction of the container

### Source Code (directory)
The setup tool will create a different directory name according to the language the user picks. All source code for the adapter should reside in this folder.
Below are all possible directory names along with their language:
   - app(python)
   - src(java)
   - scripts(powershell)

### commands.cfg (file)
HTTP Server configuration. The configuration specifies the server version along with commands that are related to the HTTP
calls sent by vROps to communicate with the Adapter

### conf Folder (directory)
   - describe.xml: An XML configuration file that defines the object model for an adapter, along with semantic definitions for use in data analysis and management.

### content Folder(directory)
TODO: define the contents of this directory
This folder contains all the components included in a management pack such as: alerts, groups, dashboards, policie , recommendations, reports, resources, supermetrics, symptoms and definitions, and traversal specs.
#### dashboards (directory)
TODO: Provide sample dashboard

#### files (directory)
TODO: what should be inside this directory ?

#### reports (directory)
TODO: what are reports ?

### manifest.txt (file)
The manifest file contains top-level information that you need to install and maintain a management pack.
TODO: create table for manifest file properties
| Manifest Property  | Value         |
| :----------------: | :------------ |
| Content Cell       | Content Cell  |
| Content Cell       | Content Cell  |

### resources (directory)
#### resources.properties (file)
TODO: what is this file used for ?

## Troubleshooting

- Docker images not found
   - building Images From Source Code(link to main docker docs)
   - pull images from docker (link to main docker docs)
