python-flask-adapter/README.md, before:

# Swagger generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project. By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/wiki) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.  This
is an example of building a swagger-enabled Flask server.

This example uses the [Connexion](https://github.com/zalando/connexion) library on top of Flask.

## Requirements
Python 3.5.2+

## Usage
To run the server, please execute the following from the root directory:

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m swagger_server
```

and open your browser to here:

```
http://localhost:8080/ui/
```

Your Swagger definition lives here:

```
http://localhost:8080/swagger.json
```

To launch the integration tests, use tox:
```
sudo pip install tox
tox
```

## Running with Docker

To run the server on a Docker container, please execute the following from the root directory:

```bash
# building the image
docker build -t swagger_server .

# starting up a container
docker run -p 8080:8080 swagger_server
```

## Licensing

As required by OSM's [container build specifications](https://onevmw.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/container-build-specification/EVljkfvbAllMvOQEdp1t2h8B2oTWMx2ZyPWWplKEESKaBw?e=U1njsq), this container uses a version of python that is based on Debian as its base OS.

Commit message:

Document using swagger codegen to regenerate server

python-flask-adapter/README.md, after:

# Swagger generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project. By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/wiki) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.  This
is an example of building a swagger-enabled Flask server.

This example uses the [Connexion](https://github.com/zalando/connexion) library on top of Flask.

## Requirements
Python 3.5.2+

## Regenerate the server
To regenerate the server, from the repository root directory, update the swagger api json file in `/api` and run the following command:
```
docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/local swaggerapi/swagger-codegen-cli-v3 generate -i local/api/vrops-collector-fwk2-openapi.json -l python-flask -o local/python-flask-adapter
```

## Usage
To run the server, please execute the following from the root directory:

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m swagger_server
```

and open your browser to here:

```
http://localhost:8080/ui/
```

Your Swagger definition lives here:

```
http://localhost:8080/swagger.json
```

To launch the integration tests, use tox:
```
sudo pip install tox
tox
```

## Running with Docker

To run the server on a Docker container, please execute the following from the root directory:

```bash
# building the image
docker build -t swagger_server .

# starting up a container
docker run -p 8080:8080 swagger_server
```

## Licensing

As required by OSM's [container build specifications](https://onevmw.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/container-build-specification/EVljkfvbAllMvOQEdp1t2h8B2oTWMx2ZyPWWplKEESKaBw?e=U1njsq), this container uses a version of python that is based on Debian as its base OS.
