docs/troubleshooting_and_faq/index.md, before:

# Contents

Here, you'll find a step-by-step guide to help you resolve common technical issues that may occur while installing, configuring, or using The Integration SDK and its tooling.
We've compiled and categorized each question based on different components of the project for easier navigation in the table of contents with below.
If none of the sections resolve your issue, please open a `Q & A` discussion on the [GitHub Discussions page](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/discussions) describing your issue. You can also submit a new bug report issue [here](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml), but we recommend opening a discussion first.

---

- [Build](build.md): Pack file building errors relating the `Unable to build pak file` error from mp-build.
- [Collections](collections.md): Common collection errors, and other collection related questions.
- [Container Registries](container_registries.md): Clarification for the role of container registries, and guides for setting different container registries.
- [Docker](docker.md): Troubleshooting common Docker related issues.
- [Logs](logs.md): Logs in relation to adapters, focusing on storage, types, usage, and configuration.
- [VMware Aria Operations Platform](vmware_aria_operations_platform.md): Common errors during installation en the platform.
- [Other](other.md): Capacity models, and Java SDK migration

Commit message:

Revise troubleshooting and FAQ contents page

docs/troubleshooting_and_faq/index.md, after:

# Contents

The table below is a compilation of frequently asked questions, and common troubleshooting scenarios put together into categories for ease of use. However, we encourage users to use the search bar above, as it might provide a faster search experience.

!!! info

    If none of the sections resolve your issue, please open a `Q & A` discussion on the [GitHub Discussions page](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/discussions) describing your issue. You can also submit a new bug report issue [here](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml), but we recommend opening a discussion first.

---

- [Build](build.md): Pack file building errors relating to the "`Unable to build pak file`" error from `mp-build`.
- [Collections](collections.md): Common collection errors troubleshooting steps, and other collection-related questions.
- [Container Registries](container_registries.md): Container registry-related questions, such as credentials and setting up registries.
- [Docker](docker.md): Common Docker related troubleshooting steps.
- [Logs](logs.md): Adapter and Server logs, logs storage, log levels, and more logs-related questions.
- [VMware Aria Operations Platform](vmware_aria_operations_platform.md): Common errors when installing containerized management paks in VMware Aria Operations.
- [Other](other.md): Capacity models and Java SDK-related questions
