docs/references/global_config.md, before:

# Global Config File
* * *

### `default_container_registry_path` (string, optional)

Specifies the default container registry path
to be used by [mp-build](mp-build.md) any time
the [project config file](project_config.md#containerrepository-string) doesn't contain a [container_repository](./project_config.md#containerrepository-string).
This key value should contain the path
used to [tag](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/) and push images to a new repository.

??? example

    ```json
    {
      "default_container_registry_path" : "harbor.my-organization.com/my-project-registry/"
      ...
    }
    ```

`mp-build` constructs a tag using the **default_container_registry_path** and the lowercase value of the `adapter_kinds`
key in the `manifest.txt` file.
For example, if the adapter_kinds value is "AdapterName"
the resulting tag would be `harbor.my-organization.com/my-project-registry/adaptername`.


### `projects` (array of strings)

The SDK tools use this array of strings to track the locations of the projects.
Each string value is a project location, formatted as a **UNIX** or **DOS** path (host OS).
Tracking the location of each project allows
the SDK tools to be used anywhere in the console besides the project directory.
Any time a new project is created, tested, or built, the project is automatically appended to the list.
Projects that no longer exist in the specified location are automatically removed.

??? example

    ```json
    {
        "projects" : [
            "/user/management-paks/casandra-db-mp",
            "/user/management-paks/mysql-mp"
            ]
        ...
     }
    ```

Commit message:

Bug/241 (#247)
Implements setting the exposed container port. The current container port is hard coded to 8080. The docker_port key in the local config.json was intended to be able to change this, but was never implemented.

This implements this functionality, and changes how it is set.

* The main setting is now in the global config.json file, called container_port. The key is not present by default, but still defaults to 8080. If the user has a service that is already binding on 8080, they can add this key and change the default port for all projects.
* The global/default setting can be overridden using command-line arguments (-P or --port) on mp-test and mp-build. This is useful for temporarily changing the port, for example to run two instances of mp-test simultaneously.
* There is no option to set the port in the local config.json file. The config.json file is intended to have project settings that can be committed to source control, and the port configuration is specific to individual environments.

Resolves #241
---------

Co-authored-by: Santiago Quiroga Cubillos <squirogacubi@vmware.com>

docs/references/global_config.md, after:

# Global Config File
* * *

### `default_container_registry_path` (string, optional)

Specifies the default container registry path
to be used by [mp-build](mp-build.md) any time
the [project config file](project_config.md#containerrepository-string) doesn't contain a [container_repository](./project_config.md#containerrepository-string).
This key value should contain the path
used to [tag](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/) and push images to a new repository.

??? example

    ```json
    {
      "default_container_registry_path" : "harbor.my-organization.com/my-project-registry/"
      ...
    }
    ```

`mp-build` constructs a tag using the **default_container_registry_path** and the lowercase value of the `adapter_kinds`
key in the `manifest.txt` file.
For example, if the adapter_kinds value is "AdapterName"
the resulting tag would be `harbor.my-organization.com/my-project-registry/adaptername`.

## `container_port` (int, optional. default: 8080)

Specifies the port for the Adapter's REST server to bind on.
This value should only need to be changed if there is another process already using
port 8080. This will change the default for all projects. If you need to change the
port for an individual project, pass in the port using the `-P` (or `--port`) flag on
`mp-test` and `mp-build`.

??? example

    ```json
    {
        "container_port" : 8081,
        ...
     }
    ```

### `projects` (array of strings)

The SDK tools use this array of strings to track the locations of the projects.
Each string value is a project location, formatted as a **UNIX** or **DOS** path (host OS).
Tracking the location of each project allows
the SDK tools to be used anywhere in the console besides the project directory.
Any time a new project is created, tested, or built, the project is automatically appended to the list.
Projects that no longer exist in the specified location are automatically removed.

??? example

    ```json
    {
        "projects" : [
            "/user/management-paks/casandra-db-mp",
            "/user/management-paks/mysql-mp"
            ]
        ...
     }
    ```
