# Setup Tool
The setup tool generates a boilerplate project that contains all the requirements to develop a Management Pack with a containerized adapter for vRealize Operations. To build a Management Pack use the [build tool](build_tool.md).

## Requirements
- [python 3.3 or higher] (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [Docker CLI 20.10.xx or higher] (https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Base Container Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server)

### Optional Requirements
- [Java Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server/artifacts/sha256:1520f9a97fa32b34ccce6d9ad03cf4853edb8ec8b54d388a97f75197488e5b8f)
- [Powershell Image](https://harbor-repo.vmware.com/harbor/projects/1067689/repositories/vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server/artifacts/sha256:7290c2d23242620641cb162378e641f23d096b0d3339b466980f64217237b9b5)

## Prompts
- Project Directory
   - The _project directory_ where the setup tool can generate a project. The project contains a sample adapter, content directories, and metadata. If the project directory does not exist, it will be created.
- Display Name
   - The _display name_ used by vRealize Operations Manager as the name of the Management Pack generated by this project. The name should include the name of the technology the Management Pack monitors.
- Description
   - A brief _description_ of the Management Pack and the technology it monitors. The description should include relevant versions of the monitored technology.
- Company
   - The name of the company/developer of the Management Pack. vRealize Operations Manager will display this information during the installation of the  Management Pack generated by this project.
- EULA
   - The End-User License Agreement (EULA) is a text file that provides guidelines for the distribution and usage of the Management Pack generated by this project.  It is generally only necessary for Management Packs that will be distributed. The content of this file appears in vRealize Operations Manager during the installation of this management pack.
- Management Pack Icon
   - The _icon_ for the Management Pack generated by this project. The Icon will be displayed in vRealize Operations Manager. The icon image must be 256x256 pixels in PNG format.
- Language
   - The Setup tool will write a sample adapter in the selected _language_. Supported languages are:
	- Python
	- Java
	- Powershell

## Project Structure
- [Python Project](python_project.md) TODO Complete python_project.md documentation
- [Powershell Project](powershell_project.md) TODO Complete powershell_project.md documentation
- [Java Project](java_project.md) TODO Complete java_project.md documentation

## Troubleshooting

### Docker images not found

The Dockerfile generated by the setup tool references the `vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server`, so it's important to have the image available locally. To get the `vrops-adapter-open-sdk-server` locally, see the following:

   - _Building Images_ section in the main [documentation](../README.md)
   - _Pulling Images_ section in the main [documentation](../README.md)

### SyntaxError: invalid syntax
The error below shows that the wrong version of python is being used to run the setup script.
```
  File "tools/setup/main.py", line 12
    def is_directory_or_not_existing(p: str):
                                      ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax
```

Ensure the version of python that runs the script in python 3.3 or higher.
